
Okay first I will start with the um home page you see the search you did is the worst ever because when I would type a query and search it shows 500 page and besides the 400 page and 500 page I've never seen how it works. I've never seen them in action Are you sure that actually works if user type wrong URL because I've never seen them even when I've made mistake on my URL and For the search, I prefer the last one that was there that was like Ajax. It was it was never there's no search bar Did I don't need a search a search button? There's a search, but I don't need a search button because it means I'm typing something like investment Before you type the investment, the investment are already querying and coming to the top That's all the investment if there are even 50 investment sites all of them should query and Renumber, so it will not be like for that page and for that template listing of 1 to 9 for the old database of Template it will first list it will list the query I don't need to say so it's like I just are very fast immediate. 

I paid you are showing I'm showing how many templates are available with that query Yeah, so that's what I actually was and for the goal inside the analytic of the website you only deal for the index page for the And Template or order about for the athletes I need statistics analytics for the athletes just actually How many people click the analytics signup and click the login? Inside the analytics dashboard just basically those two. I don't need More than that, but I don't need any analysis. I don't need for the admin and the main parts of the code is broken now is the support for the admin Is broken for the athletes is broken for the athlete accounts when I create a new ticket Then when I check out my tickets, I'm seeing one ticket Like I will see the ticket I sent or a preview of how my ticket looked or if it's open or if it's closed and Besides this there was supposed to be a whatsapp Button or something here, but immediately I sent a ticket that there's now in my ticket the whatsapp remove So there's a front-end error here and a big back-end issue Because when I go to the admin side The admin is size even you was because I only see the total number of support tickets opened which was sent by the the user the athlete But could never open it. 

I can't even see the count the the sender or anything so Everything there is messed up. I can't I can't even reply to a athlete Why for the last broken no second to last broken parts is the Post announcements murder on the athletes PHP. What are you doing? Because I Try fixing this in one or ten times. 

I don't know what you are doing when I click post an announcement It's also just load once and post why I was in late The worst part is that for new registration new users. I don't know what you did Just just writing rubbish for new users immediately register you are creating a automatic seven days Announcement for them is already on the code, but it's nowhere permitted a Seven days announcement for them at the top. I don't know maybe as an info as an info type. 

I don't know Telling them that go and remove you go and check your name your this the right time because on registration They are sent a registration Mail they should go and check their mailbox right now to remove that meal from the spam So they should give me a session to say report not not spam So they can receive future of it. They have to know that it's very important or less when they when someone buys a product or the athletes that they Approved our job. They won't know and the Other issue is I don't know why I'm not subject issues. 

So The site is SQLite and I just simply want to be able to view my database schema on one click that is why our database in a database PHP in admin when I press structure It keeps saying fail to load schema for all the tables. Please think about this. Well Everything I'm telling you think about them. 

Well before integrating The other part remember you are going to read tax markdown fight to know About this project because this way actually tags before that you said was complete but they are truly really really broken And I don't know why Because now if I see find another error Another error to will be on the same database on the admin the cool job the auto backup crude job That you added for To a 2 a.m. And for our I say I don't need them again the currents the work is is twice a week and a monthly and Backup that sends to the mail, but instead of seeing it here just to copy it and put on my chrome I'm seeing different food as like room for the backup Database on chrome was what are those? I don't even know you're just writing code. I don't even understand. I just simply something to paste on my chrome and Actually run the backups twice a week and one month sent to my me There are some more arrows As I see could where don't just rush and write the code because if you see check the analytics The search that's it. 

I told you that The user I don't want that get better. I use it for the search. I need it to Actually be fast, but it should still show on analytics to that such analytics is usually carry those Searches even when the user just types it. 

I don't ever apply search You see I Don't know you do it for every method and for the top 10 most click templates on the Analytics not showing there. I don't know why maybe you made an error there Maybe the top 10 most click. I don't know what you did there, but there's an error there Such analysis is empty for the recent visits. 

I Need to add devices so I know if his desktop or Mobile or What the user is using to view it? okay, and for the For the support add the admin should be able to see the the the IP address of the user She went to see the IP address of user so that if you want to like track What the user have been doing why is not working I can just simply now add a new feature because I want analytics now to have some querying functions dice for the views I Should be able to say to her an IP address and see what an IP address Obviously, it's what does it doing? So like the performance the bounce rate you did here the bounce rate is actually showing 0% Not even a single team just represent So I don't I'm doubting the analytics page is working properly